Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:162 Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:163 Question Set Data: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:164 Questions Data: Array(85)
question-set-practice.tsx:165 Questions Error: null
question-set-practice.tsx:166 Questions Loading: false
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:162 Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:163 Question Set Data: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:164 Questions Data: Array(85)
question-set-practice.tsx:165 Questions Error: null
question-set-practice.tsx:166 Questions Loading: false
chat-interface.tsx:52 Starting stream chat response...
chat-interface.tsx:99 Stream initialized with ID: 1750524628379vc0vqbtxa
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:162 Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:163 Question Set Data: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:164 Questions Data: Array(85)
question-set-practice.tsx:165 Questions Error: null
question-set-practice.tsx:166 Questions Loading: false
chat-interface.tsx:108 Stream ID mismatch, stopping poll
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:162 Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:163 Question Set Data: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:164 Questions Data: Array(85)
question-set-practice.tsx:165 Questions Error: null
question-set-practice.tsx:166 Questions Loading: false
question-set-practice.tsx:38 Route Match: true
question-set-practice.tsx:39 Route Params: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:41 Parsed Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:162 Question Set ID: 7
question-set-practice.tsx:163 Question Set Data: Object
question-set-practice.tsx:164 Questions Data: Array(85)
question-set-practice.tsx:165 Questions Error: null
question-set-practice.tsx:166 Questions Loading: false